hey this is a quick video just to show
you some of the computers I've got
networked together to support XBMC so
right now I'll just show you I've got a
map drive that contains all of my movies
each movie has its own individual folder
that comes in handy when you want to
manage the art of each of the movies and
not just write online that that is a
best practice so maybe save yourself
some headaches because it does take a
while if some of your movie files are a
little bit larger to drag and drop those
things and just kind of let it sit
overnight to build your movie database
use a program called media companion
this is on this local computer that lets
me kind of jump in and out of my remote
movie database so the movies are not on
this computer but media companion can
manage remotely that makes any sense so
I'll show you two things today one how
to manage fan art so Prometheus here's
the movie the scraper that media
companion allows me to pull from IMDB
data fills out all this stuff
automatically for me and one thing that
I really like to do is change the fan
art so I'll show you in that later in
the video how this changes what's inside
XBMC but for the fun of it let's change
it from the giant head to these three
main characters so look like that and
then save selected okay so obviously you
can see it pull up here but we'll see if
that actually holds when we fire up XBMC
in a minute one thing I'll also show you
is how you can change the scraper or
just great change the output so here's a
movie Ponyo note it's a kids cartoon
movie and here's my neighbor totoro wait
a second this has the same art it's not
the same movie so a cool feature media
companion is we just go up here and
click Change movie it's very handy to
know in the URL of the movie on IMDB
what the IMDB ID number is so I looked
that up earlier I'm going to paste it in
its tt9 six two eight three
search Wow there it is right there click
go change in the movie will overwrite
all the current details do you want to
continue yes ok you see these little
status indicators down here in the lower
left not sure if you can see my mouse
pulling the tags the post or the fanart
and yes it's good boom
that's pretty cool fan art okay so just
so you can see how this is all connected
before I go downstairs this is the
computer that's local ok that actually
built with the help of reddit build me a
PC thanks guys and this is my server
down here this is where all the movies
are actually sitting on
it's an old lenovo idea center that i
put it one terabyte drive into and then
if you're curious not sure if you can
see this that's the cable modem and in
the back that's the wireless router ok
ok so i've got the laptop that's hooked
up to the television so just a 42 inch
LCD nothing super fancy and the laptop
itself is in HP and i can post the specs
in a in the video comments so i'm gonna
go ahead and start up XBMC okay scrapers
are gonna be scanning for new content
that's one of the first things that
shows up see that elbow alright i'm
gonna go ahead and go into movies okay
so
we said we were gonna go take a look at
Prometheus see if that art shows up so
that's it all right there's Prometheus
it's got the actors everything looks
good and let's take a look at Totoro
pick it up here that looks good too
so XBMC is an awesome program it's great
for managing what I had was just a dusty
old pile of DVDs and this really makes
me feel like I'm kind of walking through
the movie store again instead of popping
up in an old case and hoping the disc
doesn't skip I have this kind of
on-demand library for my family and I to
to browse through so hope you enjoyed
this video